[FLINK-21639][docs] docs still state that AsyncWaitOperator is not chainable (#17797)
apache/flink: docs/content/docs/dev/datastream/operators/asyncio.md

  - Blocking/waiting on the future-type objects returned by an asynchronous client inside the `asyncInvoke(...)` method
  

> **AsyncFunction(AsyncWaitOperator) is allowed to be chained by default with all operators, except of tasks with `SourceFunction`/`SourceStreamTask`.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An **AsyncFunction(AsyncWaitOperator) can be used anywhere the job graph, except that it cannot be chained to a `SourceFunction`/`SourceStreamTask`.**
```
